DEFINITION OF SHAREWARE

Shareware distribution gives users a chance to try software
before buying it. If you try a Shareware program and continue
using it, you are expected to register. Individual programs
differ on details -- some request registration while others
require it, some specify a maximum trial period. With
registration, you get anything from the simple right to continue
using the software to an updated program with printed manual.

Copyright laws apply to both Shareware and commercial software,
and the copyright holder retains all rights, with a few specific
exceptions as stated below. Shareware authors are accomplished
programmers, just like commercial authors, and the programs are
of comparable quality. (In both cases, there are good programs
and bad ones!) The main difference is in the method of
distribution. The author specifically grants the right to copy
and distribute the software, either to all and sundry or to a
specific group. For example, some authors require written
permission before a commercial disk vendor may copy their
Shareware.

Shareware is a distribution method, not a type of software. You
should find software that suits your needs and pocketbook,
whether it's commercial or Shareware. The Shareware system makes
fitting your needs easier, because you can try before you buy.
And because the overhead is low, prices are low also. Shareware
has the ultimate money-back guarantee -- if you don't use the
product, you don't pay for it.


ASP OMBUDSMAN

This program is produced by a member of the Association of Shareware
Professionals (ASP). ASP wants to make sure that the shareware principle
works for you. If you are unable to resolve a shareware-related problem
with an ASP member by contacting the member directly, ASP may be able to
help. The ASP Ombudsman can help you resolve a dispute or problem with an
ASP member, but does not provide technical support for members' products.
Please write to the ASP Ombudsman at 545 Grover Road, Muskegon, MI
49442-9427 USA, FAX 616-788-2765 or send a CompuServe message via CompuServe
Mail to ASP Ombudsman 70007,3536.


COPYRIGHT INFORMATION

All Mabry Software programs, shareware and freeware, are protected 
under the copyright laws of the United States and foreign countries. 
All rights are reserved to Mabry Software and James Shields. 
Violations of copyright laws are investigated by the FBI. Distribution 
of Mabry Software products implies that you have read and agreed to the 
distribution terms described below.


INTENT

Mabry Software seeks to distribute its shareware as widely as 
possible.  However, we want the end-users of our software to
be properly informed that it is shareware.  


ASP VENDORS

If you are an ASP Vendor or BBS Member, then you have prior permission 
to distribute Mabry Software packages.  


DISTRIBUTOR INFORMATION AND LICENSE INFORMATION

The license information and distribution requirements in this 
document supercede all previous license statements. To continue 
to distribute Mabry Software products, you must adhere to the licensing 
and distribution requirements below.

If you are a mail order or BBS-type distributor of shareware 
software, you may distribute these programs as they are, without 
any changes other than expanding files contained in the ZIP 
archives. However, you have a responsibility to check from time to 
time, at a minimum interval of 12 months, for new versions of these 
programs, and to update your copies in a timely manner. Mabry Software 
will gladly send you a diskette containing the current versions 
on request.

You must fully identify all Mabry Software programs in your advertising, 
by the program's full name and version, and indicate the 
registration fee in the program description. The word Mabry Software must 
appear in all program descriptions.


SHAREWARE DISCLOSURE REQUIRED

All advertising and packaging information including references to 
Mabry Software products must contain a statement explaining the shareware 
concept. Specifically, that statement must explain that shareware 
software MUST be registered by the user, after a trial period, by 
paying a registration fee, and that all monies paid for the 
shareware version are duplication and distribution charges only. 
The declaration specified by the Association of Shareware 
Professionals is a good model. All such statements must be 
clearly displayed in a position where they are likely to be read 
by potential customers.


RETAIL RACK AND CD-ROM DISTRIBUTION

If you distribute shareware in a retail setting in racks, store 
displays, vending machines, at computer fairs, or in any way 
other than normal BBS or catalog-based sales, you must contact 
Mabry Software for permission to distribute any Mabry Software program. 
Rack or retail-like sales require a special distribution license, 
normally requiring royalties paid to Mabry Software. If you distribute 
shareware on CD-ROM disks, you must also contact Mabry Software before 
including any Mabry Software shareware program on a CD-ROM disk. 
Normally, permission is granted, but current versions must be 
included and all old versions of any Mabry Software program removed from 
any CD-ROM disk containing Mabry Software products.


CONTACTING MABRY SOFTWARE
 
You may contact Mabry Software at any of the following locations:

Mabry Software
Post Office Box 31926
Seattle, WA  98103-1926

Fax: (206) 632-0272
CompuServe: 71231,2066
Internet: mabry@halcyon.com
